
1.	Implement facility to use top and bottom of a tab as initialize/finalizer of
	any query you execute from this tab.
	Example of use:
	Edit manually to declare and assing value to variables used in the 
	executed sql fragment.
	Implementation:
	Define open/clossing mark that delimites initialize and finalizer zone.
	Can be found inside comments to prevent errors when execuing the full script.
	For example:
		declare i int
		set i = 3
		-- :::endinit:::
	
		... rest of the script
	
		-- :::beginfinalize:::
		drop table #temptable
	
2.	Plugin associated to each provider that implements one or more supported
	techniques to handle large resultsets.
	1-	Paging and sorting
		On SqlServer and Sybase, enclose inner select statement into an outer 
		select statement to get the inner statement sorted and filtered
		through datagrid.
		On sybase setrowcount is used to limit rowset length, and is incremented to
		reach following pages (Yes, each page is more costly to retrieve than the 
		previous but that's sybase :-(
		On MsSql, a "SELECT TOP ... ORDER BY primary_key" query is issued to 
		retrieve initial page of data and keys and base table information. 
		Then when the user requests another page, a "SELECT ... ROW_NUMBER() 
		OVER (primary_key ASC)" is executed to retreive the rest of the pages.
	2-  Asynchronousy retrieve and show results on the datagrid. Allow cancellation.
		Does not allow sort ¿and filter? 
		a.  Using adonet sybase provider you will not see any row until the full 
			resultset is retrieved. So is adviced to use ( 1.) to issue a 'set 
			rowcount' to limit resultset length. Sybase Odbc driver does not have
			this problem. 
			Using MsSql provider, you will see records appearing quickly, and being 
			downloaded util reached the end of the resultset or user-canceled.
		b.  When entering edit mode for any cell or select "Schema with keys" tab,
			query is executed again using CommandBehavior.WithKey, but without 
			returning any rows.

3.	Modes of execution
	There is only one query editing pane. the mode of execution is determined by how
	the sql is executed. Ctrl-E runs in custom mode and Ctrl-R in assisted mode.
	The mode of execution determines the behaviour of the results grid.
	In Custom mode, the grid cannot be sorted or paged, and headers are used to select
	the entire column. But it is editable, an aditional band is shown above the results 
	grid with IU to change primary key columns, read-only, hidden and send-with-updates
	columns. These changes are remembered between executions for same base table 
	combinations. Hide a column just sends it to the end of the column list and shows 
	in grayed colour.
	In Assisted mode the grid is also editable. Headers are used to re-run the query
	with sort, and the band above the results grid also allows to add filters to the
	query. Column order is remembered as does key columns,etc in Custom mode.
	
	
	Assisted:
		Only works for 'select' statements, update delete and more complex sql scripts
		are not supported and will surelly fail.
		The 'select' statement is executed as the FROM 'table' of an outer select
		statement generated internally by the application.
		This outer statement is responsible of the paging and sorting functionality.
		Is executed with Ctrl+R.
		
		( 1.) is algo honored in this mode.
	Custom:
		The sql statement typed by the user is passed to the provider and executed 
		as-is (CommandBehavior.Default).
		In this mode is useful ( 1.) and (2.2) (if correctly implemented by the 
		provider)
		(2.1) is only applicable in Assisted mode.
		Is executed with Ctrl+E.
		
4.	Editable grid
	In addition of paging sorting and filtering, the results grid in Custom and Assisted
	mode can be edited.

	Although the grid is run in virtual mode, an underling dataset exists to keep track 
	of the changes.	When updating, the dataset is send to a DataAdapter.
	
	Insert, update and delete statements are not build using regular CommandBuilder
	instead, a custom routine implemented as a plugin for the provider is used to
	implement a more flexible aproach.
	Modification statements are build from schema data table returned by the
	DataReader, and the changes that the user makes using the provided IU.	
	
	If there are multiple base tables the user can select to wich one wants to 
	execute the update.
	If a primary key is not known for a base table or needs to be changed, can be 
	defined using the checkboxes on the headers.
	
	Menú options are provided to switch result grid to 'update mode' and 'delete mode'.
	'update mode'
		All loaded rows are cleared but not recorded as deletes.
		New rows can be pasted or inserted and filled manually but are allways send
		to the provider as updates. If update fails, rows are inserted.
	'delete mode'
		Is similar to 'update mode' but all visible rows are deleted from the base
		table when updated to the provider.
	
	Special support is implemented for columns of type 'object' (for sql_variant
	columns, for example) when edited, the modified text is coherted to the existing 
	real type. If cohertion fails value is not modified.
	A combo box is provided for the user to choose a datatype (this is only allowed 
	for object datatype columns).
	
	Cells, rows and columns can be copied and pasted. When copied, QueryTool2-native, 
	raw text, excel compatible, and html versions are inserted to the clipboard.
	
	When pasting, full rows are inserted at the end. If instead of rows, a group of
	cells have been copied, they can be pasted on existing rows. In this mode, when
	pasting first selected area changes color and is adjusted to match copied area. If
	pasted again then values are put.
	
	Always, changes are only sent to the database when update button is pressed.
	
	Changes made on data in the grid can be discarted if not commited to de database.
	
	A context menú allows to select one or more rows and 'use to filter another tab ...'
	When selected, a window is shown with the names of the tabs with result grids in
	assisted mode. Also base table info is shown to help user select the appropiate tab.
	With this functionality, some master-detail behaviour is offered.
	
5.	SQL Formatter
	Use the web-service at http://www.gudusoft.com/ to format selected text on
	editing pane.
	Provider must specify dbvendor. url and ftmopts Will be hard-coded by now.
	
	